Back with another exercise. We learned about computed properties,
another key feature of vuejs which makes reacting to data changes and updating related or
depending values
very very easy,
so this is something you will use a lot as it really makes your application more dynamic and more flexible.
So therefore, it's also important to really understand how to work with it and to get these core mechanics
set,
so here I prepared two exercises
and even though it's only two, it should really get you into computed properties and watching properties
as well.
In the first exercise, I want you to train or to practice the computed properties, we have two buttons
here, add 5 and add 1 and we have a current value which initially set to zero.
The buttons here as you can see increment or increase the value property by either 5 or 1 and then
here, I want to show a result down here which doesn't exist yet which either says not there yet
or whatever you like as long as the value is let's say not equal to 37, of course feel free to choose
your own check or your own threshold and then print done whenever the value is equal to 37 or is above,
whatever your condition is.
The key thing here of course is not the value to which you're limiting or what which you're reacting
here but that the result property we're going to create will depend on this value property,
thus a typical use case for a computed property.
Well the second exercise then is that I want to watch for changes in the result which we are yet to
create
and once it does change, I want to reset the value after five seconds and here as a hint, the function
for setting this timer would be set timeout with 5000 milliseconds as the second argument and the
function which runs your code as the first argument.
Side note again, this will then take a closure,
so you will have to bind this, the this keyword to a new variable to be able to access it inside of
the callback function in set timeout.
With that, in the next video,
we can solve this together if you are not sure or if you simply want to compare solutions.